Kyoto Horse Racing number 9 0 Nagaokakyo stakes 3 years old or older 16 million yen or less Shiba 1400 m 14
Er Shin started Harbor memory Pfaffia good start them
Madin Prosper also lead standing with the but I get to the front in the memory path Vier top 2
It is a horsetail. Charm pod Tohokami Baru which will line up with Majin Prosper.
Hawker hurricane 2nd was dedicated to 4 buildings , behind Ashin Harbor
1 horsebackrest collection
Interrupted by Anza 1 Umami difference name used cutting out who is No. 2 Maineru Pluto
Open to the sardine Spring Thunder is 3 horses in 10 prefectures to the top of the team slightly behind
Climb from the morning after the Line Ange Super Washington Super Sunday All Brand New
Lead the hill to the highest peak and cut 800. Lead the 34th corner middle emery pea fia battle
Charm pod is second only in 1 horsetail
Third place is crowded professional star so To house
Cut 600 in the first Toho Kami Baru to the curve of the four corners
5th hand Hawker Hurricane its outer side by side with 6 bullets House er Shin Harbor renovation Bonanza name use
The spring thunder moved from the outside
Straight from 14 corners of 5 horses to the beginning
We memory parfait and Neba' but ac is a Charl pod issued to any middle from outside
Harbor between horses Majinprospur
I aimed at the house , spread out in the first Toho Kanba, and then I pushed the Spring Thunder from outside
I cut the coming 200
Aishin Harbor's first spring is Spring outside the Charm pod taking the lead
Sharpen harbor or spring thunder if it spreads with 9th Majin pro spar 4 during thunder
Goal in at ac harbor head
No. 13 Eshin Harbor Today is a good point
me
Hmm